As a PI, I want to properly record all metadata, so that I can ensure proper running of the project in case of staff changes.

As a researcher, I want to indicate where my data will be stored during the project and where after the project, so that it remains accessible during all stages of the data lifecycle.

As a researcher, I want to import metadata that I captured with a metadata tool, so that I do not have to capture it again in a DMP.

As a data manager, I want to know how the data is used, so that I can develop more detailed usage and support scenarios with researchers.

As a repository owner, I want to be able to check the planned provenance of the data that will be submitted at the end of a project, so that I can calculate necessary submission fees and check whether it belongs to our target group.

As an IT manager, I want to know about IT resource requirements early in the project lifecycle, so that I can enable resource acquisition planning.

As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to record/store, so that I can ensure it will possible to store it.

As an IT staff member, I want to know the security requirements of the data, so that I know which kind of security measures to apply.

As a data manager, I want to have the description of collected data sets that are used or updated throughout the project lifecycle, so that I can ensure the descriptions are current and add detail as the study proceeds.

As a researcher, I want to know which topics are mandatory and similar in all DMPs, so that I can save time through quickly writing it.

As a data manager, I want to know what the content of the data is, so that I can decide to which collection or repository the data fits.

As a PI, I want to record information about my DMP, so that an Ethics Committee can review this for compliance with ethical standards.

As a legalofficer, I want to know about data sensitivity, so that I can establish sharing options.

As a data librarian, I want to extract pointers from the DMP to metadata held in other systems, so that I can import this metadata into a data catalogue.

As an IT staff member, I want to have an estimate of the produced data volume, so that I can plan the overall storage consumption.

As an administrator, I want to know who funded the project and their requirements, so that I can track the funder specific obligations.

As an archivemanager, I want to know the legal status of data, so that I can apply the legal requirements accordingly.

As a data manager, I want to know which kind of data types will be produced or collected, so that I can determine what basic support services and functionalities are required.

As an IT staff member, I want to know which kind of data types will be produced or collected, so that I can determine what basic support services and functionalities are required.

As an archivemanager, I want to know in advance the conservation period of data, so that I can better organize the service by adapting the preservation actions.

As a data manager, I want to document all rights necessary for managing the data, so that I can curate and preserve the data.

As a data manager, I want to know what the content of the data is, so that I can check whether the necessary expertise for maintaining intellectual reusability is available.

As a research head, I want to access to the persistent identifiers of datasets provided in the DMP, so that I can check that the DMP has been implemented.

As a funder, I want to be able to read the costs for data management from the DMP, so that I can check whether our policies work as intended.

As a researcher, I want the DMP to prepopulate information that I have already entered in other institutional systems, so that I do not have to re-enter information ensuring the DMP contains accurate and standardized information.

As a stakeholder, I want to know when the data management plan was created or updated, so that I know how up-to-date the plan is or whether it needs to be updated.

As a stakeholder, I want to know who is responsible for the DMP, so that I can ask them about further details.

As a stakeholder, I want to have references to the project proposal, so that I can look up further general information.

As a metadata manager, I want to have a short description of project, so that I can be informed about the metadata description.

As a rector, I want to know how many data will be stored, so that I can plan long term resources.

As a data manager, I want to know the time plan for collecting data, so that I can plan the data management.

As a data librarian, I want to import administrative information regarding a project into DMP, so that I can prepopulate the DMP.

As a manager, I want to know about all resources and services used for the data, so that I can estimate the true cost of the project.

As an archivemanager, I want to reuse the information regarding file format, so that I can apply automated checks for the file validation.

As a researcher, I want to know how many resources are needed during the project, so that I can calculate costs.

As a researcher, I want to extract the description of the data collected, so that I can reuse it for the writing of a data paper.

As a researcher, I want to record research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.

As a researcher, I want to link research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.

As a researcher, I want to store agreements relating to third party data used in a project, so that the data can be cited, attributed and used correctly.

As an ethics manager, I want to be informed about the data, so that I can check for sensitivity of data.

As a repository operator, I want to know about the kind of data, so that I can evaluate the storage size and system.

As a researcher, I want to know about costs, so that I can plan my research.

As a repository manager, I need details on the type of data, so that I can check if the archiving can be arranged.

As an IT officer, I want to know how secure data is, so that I can ensure legal compliance.

As a funder, I want to know how secure data is, so that I can ensure legal compliance.

As a Research Centre Director, I want to receive regular summary reports of research data, so that I understand trends in data use among staff and postgraduate students.

As a Postgraduate Convenor, I want to receive regular summary reports of research data, so that I understand trends in data use among staff and postgraduate students.

As a research support officer, I want to ensure compliance to the funders rules, so that I can ensure all costs will be accepted.

As a funder, I want to be able to check all the repositories mentioned in a DMP, so that I can verify whether the project has followed our funding rules.

As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to store, so that I can ensure it will be possible to store it.

As a PI, I want to know how secure data is, so that I can ensure legal compliance.

As a Director of Research Integrity, I want to access reports containing details of research projects in which data are classified as sensitive or highly sensitive, so that I can confirm security protocols are applied to these data.

As an archive, I want to get information about the volume of data to preserve at an early stage, so that I can provide the adequate storage infrastructure.

As a researcher, I want to know how long it will take to archive, so that I can plan further steps.

As a PI, I want to know who owns the data, so that I know what I am allowed to do with it.

As a data manager, I want to have references to documentation of the data and its creation process, so that the data can be re-used and managed.

As an archivemanager, I want to make sure that detailed metadata are associated to data so that it will be understandable by future users.

As a data manager, I want to know which kind of data types will be produced or collected, so that I can ensure that the necessary technical resources and technical know-how is available.

As an IT staff member, I want to know which kind of data types will be produced or collected, so that I can ensure that the necessary technical resources and technical know-how is available.

As an IT staff member, I want to know how the data is used, so that I can determine what kind of basic services and functionalities are required.

As a data manager, I want to know whether the collected data depends on other data sets from my own or other institutions, so that I can ensure that these dependencies are maintained.

As an IT staff member, I want to know which formats are used, so that I can determine what kind of technical services and functionalities are required.

As an IT staff member, I want to know with which software or technology the data is produced or used, so that I can determine what kind of technical services and functionalities are required.

As a data manager, I want to know which information is necessary to re-use the data, so that it can be checked whether all necessary information is available for researchers interested in re-using the data.

As a data manager, I want to know which formats are used, so that I know what technology or background information might be necessary to use the data.

As a data manager, I want to know whether the data can be reproduced efficiently, so that I can determine whether and how the data has to be stored.

As a data manager, I want to know with which software or technology the data is produced or used, so that I know what technology or background information might be necessary to (re-)use the data.

As a research evaluation manager, I want to ensure all data are quoted correctly with our affiliation, so that they are counted towards our citation counts.

As an administrator, I want to check that all data has the appropriate security level, so that I can demonstrate compliance.

As a data manager, I want to know the security requirements of the data, so that I can check whether the data can be kept secure.

As a institutional data steward, I want to be able to extract the data sets that are submitted to external repositories, so that I can add them to an institutional data catalogue.

As an institutional data manager, I want to know about the privacy and security requirements of the data, so that I can plan the right storage system and sharing permissions.

As a researcher, I want to see the sections on costing by other researchers in my department, so that I can see if we could share data manager posts.

As a researcher, I want to see the sections on roles submitted by other researchers in my department, so that I can see if we could share data manager posts.

As a researcher, I want to see the sections on responsibilities submitted by other researchers in my department, so that I can see if we could share data manager posts.

As a faculty data steward, I want to see the sections on costing, so that I can ensure sufficient expertise on data management to support the project.

As a faculty data steward, I want to see the sections on roles, so that I can ensure sufficient expertise on data management to support the project.

As a faculty data steward, I want to see the sections on responsibilities, so that I can ensure sufficient expertise on data management to support the project.

As a data manager, I want to clarify the necessary rights for re-using the data, so that it is legal to reuse the data.

As a researcher, I want to record my intention to share data I have collected under terms of a particular licence, so that other researchers who use the data understand the rights of use.

As a data manager, I want to plan the anonymization of data, so that we protect the privacy of the people participating in the research as good as possible and still ensure reusability of data.

As a repository manager, I want to have metadata in additional languages, so that I can allow for multilingual data archive.

As a data manager, I want to know whether the DMP was approved, so that I can proceed with the required next steps.
